Unknown Speaker  0:26  
Okay, let's do this. I will share my screen,

Speaker 1  0:35  
and I'll click or any face, and then we will go to the flow of events according to the wellness or Kafka bus, and we'll and we will update that table for understanding these are and how you're connected. So let us do this. Alex, you have Mike availability. Alex of map art,

Unknown Speaker  1:16  
want to check maybe not

Speaker 1  1:22  
we're working on Okay, so here's my screen. So let's quickly go over all teams here, smooth, Al here. Text seven, right or see

Unknown Speaker  1:42  
with tech seven is is on

Unknown Speaker  1:47  
C motor, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:49  
Yeah, I'm here at your

Unknown Speaker  1:52  
boy labs,

Unknown Speaker  1:59  
millennial software.

Speaker 1  2:09  
Here, IRT is here? Hello, house here, percentage core, not here. Space map, yeah, here you can throw, maybe not GMV, 10, one.

Unknown Speaker  2:35  
Al kamira

Unknown Speaker  2:41  
gave an update. Not here, Scott's face,

Unknown Speaker  2:43  
yes, council

Unknown Speaker  2:47  
at large. Here, excellent. Here, point pronn, here, stopler, hanky Randy, update. Car lights up, light six

Unknown Speaker  3:08  
star drive, yeah, here, space app,

Unknown Speaker  3:17  
can space I Astra altra Here,

Unknown Speaker  3:27  
EA, systems, podcast.

Speaker 1  3:40  
Anybody has any updates or any concerns so far,

Speaker 2  3:51  
I can give my update if you want great promote so I tested my algorithms on this specific launch is not isa if Tid and some of the algorithm worked too well for the pre launch and for detection part. I mean, one of the algorithm didn't move properly. So I found some of the issues. Sometimes I use some manual trigger to verify and detection part was perfect, and there was some issue in the automation, so I have to fix it. And one of the major issue, and I found, is that the we are generating lot of data, so it's filling the entire computer, so I need to figure out how to handle that. Data is also imported. I don't want to delete them, so they signed a right strategy, like maybe seven on the clock or something else. So I need to change my architecture and but overall, actually, I was able to detect something, some signature and some evidence that launch happened. So that's my update for entire week.

Speaker 1  5:01  
Great. Thank you. Thank you for these, these launches and even in space monitoring opportunities, for example, the ISS launch, resupply launch that happened a few days ago are great opportunities for us to use and demonstrate our capabilities on real data. So wherever it's possible and whenever you have some outputs, don't be shy. Just post them on launch checks or not, launch exercises, test exercises, rocket chat group for everybody's encouragement and know what you're doing. Thank you. Yeah, Kieran,

Speaker 3  5:46  
yeah, I can give a pretty quick update. So we, I just talked with Dan today with a so we managed to get our IP addresses fixed down for the GMV tools, and we've just now got interest today, just like one minute ago. Got credentials now for the message bus. So I hope next week I can start to play around with listening, subscribing, and maybe at least publishing a heartbeat or trying to publish something and see how that goes. Certainly next week we have some good progress.

Speaker 1  6:16  
Thank you, Kier, that's great news. Greg,

Speaker 4  6:24  
hey, Jubilee, so I guess to your plan also for the launch exercises. So it's hoping to reach out to people to set up the time for doing like a post analysis. I know that's sort of outside this meeting, but just want to put a quick plug in there. I didn't put like a Google poll. Sorry, not a Google poll, but a win to meet poll, long time ago on the launch exercises page. I don't think many people filled it out. So I am trying to figure out, like, what's convenient time for people? It might unfortunately just be like, here's the time. We'll see is how many people we can get. But then moving on to what I've been working on. So captured the is, sorry, the starship if T launch yesterday, I'm trying to go back and see if we can actually capture the explosion when they've lost control of it nine minutes after the launch. That might be out of the field of view. It might not. That'd be interesting to see if we can capture that also captured the launch out of French Guiana early in the morning yesterday. So that was a foreign launch detection notice that there are some issues with some of the image processing that I'm doing, so I'm going to fix that. And also on my backlog is the varying calculation that I know Matthew has been waiting for for a long time. So definitely want to get that to the cohort. That's it.

Unknown Speaker  7:55  
Thank Thank you, Greg. You

Speaker 1  8:06  
Okay, anybody else? Jeff from Castro Ultra,

Speaker 5  8:13  
yeah. So we've got an initial framework listening in on Kafka. We were able to record all the traffic going through for progress all the way through to the docking exercise, so that that was really helpful for our game theory designers over at UCCS.

Speaker 1  8:32  
Okay? And Astra altra is working on intent estimation,

Speaker 5  8:39  
yes, specifically we're looking at Leo co orgal threats. So the maneuvering from progress to the ISS is really helpful.

Speaker 1  8:49  
Okay, and where did you get the data from to inform your algorithms?

Speaker 5  8:56  
So we were listening in on all Kafka topics during that time, as well as polling from UDL on a regular polling basis,

Speaker 1  9:08  
there are weekly cohort wide sessions that if you believe, or if you want to give An overview of your technology and any demos like that, they're always there. And I don't have seen like many people attend those so you can sign up on that. If you don't know where to find it, let me know there's a sign up sheet on the Google spreadsheet that we use and and that's where all that information is. That's the code wide Google Spreadsheet.

Speaker 5  9:48  
Fantastic. I do have a question, are we so with the advent of the wiki, are we still going with the sheets, or are we switching over to the wiki? Is that in flux?

Speaker 1  9:59  
It is in flux. We want to get rid of all Excel spreadsheets and have all the data on the key, but it's an ongoing process. Thank you. Jeff, any other updates? Okay, going once, twice and thrice.

Unknown Speaker  10:27  
So

Speaker 1  10:29  
we are working on this last week, and we want to have this as updated as possible, and it also helped understand the flow on Kafka. Last time we went from top to bottom, this time hoping to go from bottom to up. The gatha is not here. Start drive. Jack. Could you How do I make this stay? There all the time. You guys know, how do I make this header? Or, man,

Unknown Speaker  11:09  
I think it's data. Maybe it's under data.

Unknown Speaker  11:18  
You have freeze pain somewhere. I Okay,

Speaker 5  11:32  
good of you. Oh, never mind. That's Google. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:35  
right there. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:38  
nice. Thank you. Okay,

Speaker 1  11:43  
so, reentry, start, drive. So, topic, name, ssr.re, entry, dot prediction, check, yeah. Do you want to tell us how your algorithm works and what are the updates on all of these columns?

Speaker 6  12:04  
So yeah, I kind of subscribe to the topics. I got, the launch prediction, the launch coplanar assessment, the TMDb comparisons, environmental factors, anomaly detection and the service heartbeat. Right now my issue is, and I talked to Greg about this, is that we connected the instance to the SSH, we prepared all the deployment files, but we need sudo access. But then Greg told us that we could do passwordless sudo as a group user. So I'm going to try that and see if they can get us jammed.

Speaker 1  12:47  
Okay, so you're doing two types of re entry friction. One is for when the launch happens, and then the second one is for objects orbiting in space that lower in altitude and and show an indication of re entry. So you do a re entry prediction on those as well. Correct and for the second one for orbits, orbital objects, what's your input figure? TMDB, yeah. So you're constantly monitoring TMDB. How often are you doing this friction?

Speaker 6  13:38  
I think I've set it right now to where it's just manual, so you can click it, so that way I'm not, like, polluting the Kafka bus, but I could set it at whatever interval we want to have it.

Unknown Speaker  13:53  
Okay, okay,

Speaker 1  13:57  
yeah, some metrics there would be beneficial, like, figuring out how much data or false positives are we getting, where to set the threshold so that we have a balanced and high confidence re entry predictions. So that would be good, and maybe speaking with DFN people to figure out how much data is too much data, or what is too little? Be beneficial? How are you doing? Also UDL integration for this topic, it's already integrated, or it is a process that's already integrated. And whenever you manually run it, it automatically pushes data. I'm guessing.

Speaker 1  14:56  
And so your outputs probably will go to SS six and running manually, but can be automated for any frequency, okay, yeah, yes, maybe in the next step is that Automation automatically running it every few minutes or hours. So that's would be the next step. Ben,

Unknown Speaker  15:28  
are you asking about the topic name?

Speaker 1  15:30  
So I'm asking about all the others, maybe for orbit, orbital objects. Re entry, we

Speaker 7  15:41  
were just subscribing to IRT. So whenever they publish like the launch

Speaker 1  15:49  
so that that is like launch vehicle re entry. So this is about satellites and orbit re entry.

Speaker 7  15:59  
I don't know. I remember they published something to the launch trajectory topic. IRT, okay, yeah. IRT, okay,

Speaker 1  16:11  
okay, so having maybe conversations with millennial software about, would TMDb be better for this service for the launch one, IoT is definitely the one to listen to. So maybe millennial software team, because they're maintaining the TMDb or some other teams, would be beneficial, okay? But right there, it's just running as one service for launch vehicles, right?

Unknown Speaker  16:44  
Yeah, okay.

Unknown Speaker  16:53  
So

Unknown Speaker  16:56  
you have any inputs,

Speaker 8  16:59  
not really, as you know, we're kind of passive in this Subsystem for now, probably at least a couple weeks before we're doing stuff relative to this Subsystem. But I can say that, yeah, we are on the message bus for other other capabilities. And also we just got our credentials to publish on UDL, so we may be using those for when we apply the algorithm that we did here to real data for this Subsystem, okay, I think that's about all I have to Okay. Add as thanks.

Unknown Speaker  17:45  
Do you have a UDL?

Unknown Speaker  17:50  
Be Yes, okay, thank you.

Speaker 1  17:57  
X, analytics is not here. DFN and then max. Do you have any inputs on as well as prediction ranking?

Speaker 4  18:07  
Yeah, I think I don't know if anyone from Arc Light six sprout technologies is on. There would be a little more up to date on that for us. But I think right now, I think they were getting to subscribe, and I don't think they're up on they're doing that portion in our collaboration for getting up on the message bus, which I don't think is up yet, but I think they still might be working on processing that needs to happen before they would publish to the message bus. So nothing for now.

Speaker 1  18:42  
Okay, and this is a three team collaborative effort. Yes, okay, great. 10, one,

Speaker 9  19:00  
yeah, so we'll send you those said, the Yeah, the topics that we want to do, and then yeah, we're working. We'll get access, hopefully get access data to and then probably work with the CCDM for the input care.

Unknown Speaker  19:18  
And you did get credentials right for Kafka.

Speaker 9  19:22  
I don't know if we have credentials yet, but we just create, yeah, we just created our own internal Kafka message bus broker to simulate everything, but we'll do that this Saturday.

Speaker 1  19:36  
Reach out to Dan, Dan Frick or Greg debier For credentials, and we'll discuss more to create a topic. And input trigger is CCDM indicators and CMDB, probably We should be two different things.

Unknown Speaker  20:02  
Will grow.

Unknown Speaker  20:21  
Okay next Astra al term,

Speaker 5  20:26  
yeah. So some of this is still in flux, but what I imagine is our SS, four dot indicators, dot maneuvers detected, would be what we trigger off of eventually, and the existing SS, PES was intent assessment is where I imagine we'll be recording out.

Speaker 1  20:53  
This is the topic. There is a topic called this, forgetting, Yes,

Unknown Speaker  21:01  
yep, and

Speaker 1  21:05  
you are not pushing yet to that topic, but that's where you intend to push correct. And do you have UDL account for years? Yeah, and you're not pushing yet, and the input data is as

Speaker 5  21:26  
maneuvers detected. So SS four, dot indicators, dot maneuvers, dash detected.

Speaker 1  21:39  
CTR, and and then you probably go to TMDb

Speaker 5  21:47  
that's in flux. TMDb is definitely probably gonna be in there, also getting stuff in UDL, listening in on other Kafka topics as needed. Okay,

Speaker 1  21:58  
great. Thank you. But Charlie, going to SS six, yeah. Okay, let's take a run Thrun here, stock drive, state vector, uncertainty, yes, uncertainty estimation.

Speaker 6  22:16  
I think it's a UDL is a trigger and TMDb is the comparison service for the trajectory analysis.

Unknown Speaker  22:31  
Let's go through so is it

Speaker 1  22:34  
which topic that you push this door. We need to create a topic for this. See here, maybe you can also tell us a little bit about what you what the service does hold on second.

Speaker 6  23:00  
Uh, so we received the UDL data, and we compare the trajectories against the data in the TMDB, and then we analyze the deviations between the actual and reference trajectories, and then we integrate it with environmental factors to determine if the deviations are due to environmental effects or intentional maneuvers. And then we publish the results to the DMD TMDb comparisons, the anti CCDM indicators and the environmental factors, tough cut topics.

Speaker 1  23:42  
So this is really a maneuver detection service.

Speaker 6  23:54  
See exactly, yeah, it is we detect maneuvers, but we also determine if the changes of the maneuvers are are due to environmental factors, or if they're actual maneuvers. Okay,

Speaker 1  24:18  
then I would also asked the question if this topic would come under SS five or SS three or SS four, something to look into and talk to other Subsystem leads. Yeah, thank you. If there's any intent related things or hostility related things that are in here that you're also adding to your message, then SSI would be a good place. And then I would ask, like, would you want to, like, split those messages into two, where you detect a maneuver and then you also assist intent or perform some other hostility assessment. Then the second message would go to ssy, okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:12  
I can follow up with you after,

Unknown Speaker  25:15  
okay. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  25:32  
So grappler, anybody from Millennial software here? I

Unknown Speaker  25:43  
Okay, Matt large, I don't know if he has mic access. Okay, Scott's face,

Unknown Speaker  26:00  
yeah, and here

Speaker 8  26:02  
we are sending our par results on Kafka every hour now, the topic, yeah, there's a.rf at the end of it. The rest is correct. I think

Speaker 1  26:20  
one hour, you're sending us just a Kafka status.

Speaker 8  26:27  
I have UDL access. I'm not pushing anything to the UDL, okay. And, yeah, it's automatically running, so no trigger. Yep, that looks good.

Speaker 1  26:41  
And I think everybody there's like a push to also send messages to UDL. And there might already be some schemas available on UDL for the type of data that you're generating. So and that looking at what is what schemas are available, Al should also inform the schema on Kafka. So we want to, like, align with UDL schemas already there, and if there are any new variables, can add

Speaker 8  27:14  
that rate. Do you know if anyone has the schemas or you're going to start digging for it?

Speaker 1  27:22  
Anybody online knows where the schemas or what the schemas are for pesvers on UDL. I'm

Unknown Speaker  27:28  
not sure if they have anything.

Speaker 1  27:33  
Yeah, please post on the link or what you see for pesver schemas on UDL, on the SSI rocket chat would be wonderful.

Speaker 5  27:48  
They make it really easy to download the open API spec for everything,

Speaker 1  27:55  
okay, to get the schemas or to get data from UDL for all the schemas. Okay? Yes, if you can share that Jeff on rocket chat, that would be great. And and this, what data are you using? TMDB,

Speaker 8  28:16  
yes, TMDB, but that's a manual. The only automatic I have is space track to get the TLS.

Unknown Speaker  28:26  
What do you mean? TMDb is manual.

Speaker 8  28:32  
I'm getting the RF information from Quasar admin set up there, but I haven't, I mean, it's changed a bit, so I haven't figured out a way to automatically do it. I've just mainly like inserted that RF information occasionally. So yeah, I'd like to set that up to an automatic access. Is it on the Kafka data bus now?

Speaker 1  28:57  
Yeah, I am not present sure millennial software is maintaining that. So talking to Andrew Z or Anthony New York would be good in that respect. And there have been some discussions about using changes or generating a trigger every time TMDb is changed. And my thinking was, instead of depending on how much that how big that database is, I think they're like API access to that every time you're about to run an analysis, quite a deep TMDb for any changes for that data would be good, if that's possible. So, yeah, that would be good because they're changing it all the time with new data. So, so that probably beneficial,

Unknown Speaker  29:54  
right? Okay, yeah, I'll send a message to them

Unknown Speaker  29:57  
here in ssi.as well as.kk

Speaker 3  30:03  
exactly 30 minutes. Yeah, I think that's the same, still 30 minutes, still not on camera yet, but it's in progress. More in progress. Last week,

Unknown Speaker  30:17  
you have, you have credentials, yes,

Speaker 3  30:20  
we just got out for this UDL. Yes, we have UDL accounts. I don't know if we're going to UDL push, because we have a lot of data, so right now, we'll be no we can evaluate that later, I guess. But I was just, I was just checking the UDL API, and I've not seen anything specific that may be used for as ways, but they do have a notification field which is a bit more free form than anything else. For example, it's how, it's how the JCO share the HR list. They have a notification type that's just JCO dash, HR dash satellites. And then within that you can, they can make their own data maybe, maybe we could get a new notification type that's pays wise, or something like that. Probably that can be discussed inside of this meeting.

Speaker 1  31:12  
Thank you. Max sent a message for Jack that somebody is looking for maneuver detections and also about TMDb here in Creston.

Unknown Speaker  31:27  
Okay, so,

Unknown Speaker  31:30  
Karen, like TMDb here now?

Speaker 3  31:33  
Yeah, I think so it's currently, it's currently still UDL, but we would eventually like to be integrated with the TMDB, at least for the list of red and blue objects, and also TLDs, if they're available through TMG, which I think they are,

Speaker 1  31:49  
yes. Okay, that's, that's what I hear about TMDB. Thank

Speaker 10  31:58  
you sending the same day, pleasure, traditional and the convention, as I already informed you, to the limitation data size. We are sending the message in separate chunk, each smaller than one megabyte per month.

Speaker 1  32:22  
Max. Do you have any input on that? I think before they didn't have, like, a size limit on the messages. And then suddenly there was a change right Peter, before you were able to send the full message, and suddenly you were not able to send the full message in one one question.

Speaker 10  32:39  
Yeah, that's right. So we had to change the code.

Speaker 1  32:44  
Yeah? I will, yeah. I will ask Dan and Greg about it, see if there was any change, and then try to figure out because you're not sending messages very frequently, you're sending 178 hours. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  33:02  
so,

Speaker 1  33:05  
so you have Kafka topics, you have accounts,

Unknown Speaker  33:08  
and

Unknown Speaker  33:12  
are you pushing these outputs to

Speaker 10  33:16  
middle of UTL onboarding process for both your peasants and the conjunction assessment. And we already finished with the UDL test account, we are starting to with the service account. Maybe it takes a few more days we can finish onboarding for EU pass, and the inputs are TMDB. Yeah, that's right, TMDb and the theory and UDL USA. And I also heard that in hotel starting to publish their catalog edition and satellite to camera specification update. So I we're working, really working on that we subscribe their database and we which can trigger our service update maybe.

Unknown Speaker  34:23  
Okay,

Speaker 11  34:28  
that's very good. Thank you. So space app RF, launch detection, right? Yes,

Speaker 1  34:42  
so that's the topic, and your sensors are still going up, so you're not yet pushing any messages, okay?

Unknown Speaker  35:00  
To three weeks is still the timeline? Yeah,

Speaker 12  35:04  
so hopefully by the end of next week, but we don't have just launched detection, and so that was my question. Is that there's also the booster detection and it's re entry,

Speaker 1  35:16  
okay? Booster re entry, prediction. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  35:21  
okay,

Speaker 1  35:23  
so this is from the Gunther, but I'll add one for you. Okay, maybe this was yours. I don't do English surgery, I don't think so.

Speaker 12  35:38  
Or maybe so, yeah, we are doing a prediction. Per Se we're doing, we can detect that the booster de orbited, and then the booster actually arrived at the site. It's re entry to the to the launch site or its recovery site.

Unknown Speaker  35:58  
Okay, so

Speaker 12  36:16  
So once the one is booster, the orbit, meaning that it's separate, the separation, if you want to, so boost your separation,

Speaker 12  36:35  
then you have re entry prediction. But that's really the arrival at its it's not its launch site, but it's where it's where it's going to end up arriving. So we can detect that it's actually now on the ground.

Speaker 1  37:01  
So it's more like once the separation happens, you track that correct to where it returns back to ground, yes,

Speaker 12  37:11  
and then identify that it's basically no longer okay.

Speaker 1  37:25  
Okay, so we'll have to create a topic.

Speaker 12  37:29  
Exactly. I've been looking at the topics and right there's

Unknown Speaker  37:35  
Mr. Suppression.

Speaker 1  37:40  
Oh, okay, I'll have to think a little bit more about how to separate other topics and hold it back.

Speaker 12  37:45  
Okay, the first one will be the launch detection. So that's fine.

Speaker 1  37:52  
Okay, so and you do have a Kafka account? No,

Unknown Speaker  37:56  
but I'll take care of getting that so

Unknown Speaker  38:11  
thank you.

Speaker 13  38:18  
Yeah, I just wanted to make sure that we're also tracking bas efforts on the sheet. So we're working on sort of hostility assessment, focusing sort of on space debris, I think, but also doing sort of multi factor scoring, pulling in various data types that we are currently identifying. So, yeah, we we have a UDL account. We're working on getting the ability to push to UDL, so that was going to be our primary output. And in parallel, we're also working on getting Kafka access. So I think we have accounts of our internal firewall is giving us a

Speaker 11  39:10  
headache. So this is be a he, be a he.

Unknown Speaker  39:24  
Contact.

Speaker 1  39:35  
So this is like his base from and the hostility is also in space.

Speaker 13  39:49  
Yeah. I mean, I'm not sure between intent assessment and in space monitoring, which one it would fall exactly.

Unknown Speaker  40:00  
Yeah, maybe intent assessment,

Speaker 1  40:03  
yes. So there are some topics. I posted, all the topics that we created on the SSI rocket chat. So please, if anybody doesn't have a topic or wants me to create a topic for you, just check all the topics that are already there and please message me and tell me if you need a topic, or if you have some questions about what topics you should fall under. So Kafka, yes, yes, you don't. You're not sending messages. You do have an account, and are you? Are you pushing any of these messages already to EDL,

Unknown Speaker  40:48  
not yet. No, no, not yet.

Speaker 1  40:54  
And what's the source of input triggers for these?

Speaker 13  40:59  
I think right now, we're planning to pull the CCDM indicators and TMDb data for both of them so Far, yes, but also on the hunt for more sources.

Unknown Speaker  41:30  
Six,

Speaker 13  41:35  
yeah, I think Nicole. We also had someone from SS three that was potentially going to pull

Speaker 14  41:40  
our output, yeah, SS three, the Lockheed guys as the next flow piece, they're going to use our output as an input,

Speaker 1  41:57  
and what Are they planning to do with that information

Speaker 14  42:02  
based on the kind of high priority objects they're going to Send taskings for collection.

Unknown Speaker  42:11  
Oh, sstg, yeah.

Speaker 1  42:21  
Some some set of questions were still there about what the flow should be like, because some were thinking in 10 assessments should go to SS six. It all depends on the timing. If there's like a big gap between what you output and Subsystem six doing response recommendation, then maybe directly sending it to CTR team, where they can take immediate action and queue some available sensors. Or if SS six can immediately take in that information and respond or provide a response to it with a recommendation, then that could be the input to CTR teams, whether it's Lockheed or lados. So still under discussion how that flow should happen. Do you agree with that? Max,

Speaker 4  43:22  
yeah. Yeah. I think we're still under discussion figuring out who's going to pick up some of those tasking things, but I think yeah, just try to stay neutral for now, because we're trying to see like it some of that really just needs to be automatic. That really wouldn't need to be bubbled up to someone to see in a response recommendation, but other times, there's going to have to be a human factor in deciding if something needs further, like assessment, which would go in task sensors. So think we're still trying to figure that out.

Unknown Speaker  43:57  
Like you said, Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  44:03  
So

Speaker 1  44:05  
any other teams here from Booz Allen land labs want to provide an input on any of these. Do you have any updates to empty spots here? I i labs tech seven. Do you have Kafka connection already?

Speaker 15  44:31  
Yeah, this is Joshua with tech seven. So we are working with an internal Kafka just to build out our solution. And I mentioned, I think a couple weeks ago, we're re architecting some things, so that's taking a bit longer than initially expected. So we're, yeah, we're working with an internal instance, but have not yet received any credentials to connect to the SDA Kafka bus. Okay. Continue.

Speaker 1  45:01  
Please reach out to Dan or Greg to get those access. And the Kafka that we currently have is also a playing field, even though we do some exercises now and then, you can play around on it, unless there's, like, launch happening and we're, like, actively monitoring it. I don't see any issue with sending out, like, test messages on it. Okay? And if there's any way anybody has a problem, they'll post on rocket chat, but I think they're good to play on it Verma. So you have Kafka, you do have Kafka topic, you have a

Speaker 2  45:55  
studio account, but I'm not pushing anything. So next week, this will be my priority, ready to

Unknown Speaker  46:04  
meet. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  46:08  
The same for this. Can is anybody from can here?

Speaker 1  46:20  
Nobody from CAST is also here. Nobody from Millennial. They come first, not here. Chris, you're here. You are sending to the copper topic.

Unknown Speaker  46:41  
Start drive trajectory prediction,

Speaker 6  46:49  
yeah, sorry, yeah, I just stepped away for a second. Can you repeat the question? So

Speaker 1  46:54  
for launch trajectory prediction, you do have a Kafka account? Yeah? Yeah. Pushing

Speaker 6  47:03  
messages here yet, yeah. Input triggers gonna be the UDL, and then we're going to be publishing to the SS five launch trajectory. Okay,

Speaker 1  47:17  
do you also need, like, what on UDL is your law? Just trigger. We're

Unknown Speaker  47:23  
just looking at radar.

Speaker 1  47:27  
Okay, so this is if you see any vehicle already taken off, then you take the previous measurements and try to predict where it's going. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  47:47  
You also need a launch detection as a trigger. That's

Unknown Speaker  47:51  
probably a good idea.

Speaker 1  47:58  
Currently, the flaw is that when we detect a launch, when there are two things that are happening when we predict a launch, we think it is beneficial to have a launch trajectory predicted ahead of a launch and then after we detect a launch. Also we believe having continuous updates to that launch trajectory would be important for VA staff assessment.

Unknown Speaker  48:29  
Should be able to do both.

Unknown Speaker  48:33  
And have you pushed any messages yet or like

Speaker 6  48:37  
no because we're still like not online yet, but hopefully we, I can get that done today, and then we should be able to start pushing stuff.

Speaker 1  48:49  
And Matthew, are you pushing any messages to the launch ASAP? Assessment topic. This is basically launch as well as

Speaker 4  49:00  
not yet, so I just I confirmed that the GPU works. I'm gonna go and start programming my Wes calculator. I've been talking to max about that, and so I'm also still working on automating my other stuff. And so we're gonna need to have some conversations to figure out the triggers. So I tested it on burnout, but it's not the strongest trigger, but that's we can talk about that more in our meeting after the high level overview.

Unknown Speaker  49:28  
Okay, thank you. And when pro the entry prediction

Speaker 1  49:37  
probably asked you already discussed in Ben, you don't have a UDL, you do.

Unknown Speaker  49:43  
No, not yet.

Speaker 1  49:50  
So, so there's the RF booster, new orbit and landing monitoring.

Unknown Speaker  49:56  
Yeah, I see it

Unknown Speaker  50:00  
ASAP. I Right? So

Speaker 1  50:08  
do we do just after launch, or even before launch, we predict where it's going to separate and where it's going to land? So do we want to have two services, one before launch and one after launch,

Speaker 12  50:24  
I'll check on this side. Okay, okay, yeah. About the prediction, okay,

Speaker 1  50:32  
maybe in the next week or so, I think they could have like a one on one. That would be great to talk more about this. Okay, okay, I want to give back eight or seven minutes of your time. If anybody has any questions at this point like, this will be a work in progress, and we continue to update it. And I think this will, like, also inform some of the back end Kafka development and figuring and all like lead to some discussions. So this is all very beneficial, and thank you for providing input. Anybody have any last minute questions or concerns, any barriers I have one input or one announcement. By the way, you probably already have this email for midpoint check. There are some required status updates at that time, and midpoint check is another check box item for awards at the end of the cohort. So please make sure that you have all those updates ready for and you attend the midpoint. Check on the 17th. I believe you can attend in person, if you're available there, or you can attend remotely and provide the inputs. And if there are no more questions, then I will let you know Hope you have a good weekend, everybody. Thank you so much.

Unknown Speaker  52:07  
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
