Speaker 1  00:00
Learning some of the most important parts, the keys to success, right? It's a lot of information, a lot of stuff that's happening. So there's three things I think I would really focus on, and hope that you all focus on throughout the cohort. Number one, just being engagement and collaboration, right? Being here, being present, being on rocket chat, going into your weekly meetings with your subsystem, leads as much as you can, like these. This is, see, this is how progress is going to be made. Is from engagement and interaction from you all. So with that, I know a lot of you are remote or not from here, potentially. So we certainly are trying to strive for in person, activity people being in the lab. We put an emphasis on Wednesday being the day that we all try to be here, otherwise Tuesday and Thursday being kind of secondary. A lot of people are out Mondays and Fridays. So if it is at all possible, you're local, you can make it out here for Tuesday, Thursday or Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. Please do. And I know, again, there's just a uniqueness to people being together, and that's kind of part of the like, the special pieces of what this lab can do. So find those ways to collaborate, I think. And when I say this, like one thing that's gonna we've seen before that doesn't work out well, is you're an organization that shows up to kick off, and then you only show up to the midpoint check in, and then you show up just to demo day if you only have three touch points over three months. Not really key. It's not a good way to make progress. You know, while we're talking about that too, there are again, two requirements in terms of, kind of like expectations, along with the progress you're making. But there's a midpoint check in where you will meet with major pond or a lab representative and kind of speak to what you've developed so far. And then Demo Day is the our final little the final piece to what this cohort will be, where you kind of go in front and be able to show off your work. And that's also a required aspects as well too. Obviously, there's always exceptions to those things, so please make sure that you're just aware of those. Anyone talking about benefits of the lab as well, too? For those you've been here before, you're going to hear this again. Let's data access is a big one, right? So we have in UDL where you can access collaboration. I think if you look around this room, I would argue this is probably, like one of the formative groups of SDA technology that's got out there, right? And what you the capabilities of being done and developed, probably some of the most leading niche stuff is happening in the room with people to your left and right. So leverage those individuals as well. We also have expert talks, which is where we bring in people who have literally, like written the book on some of these things or designed some of these fundamental capabilities. And those are, again, we try to push in person. They're also offered online, but it's a point for you to come in and be able to hear from them in a presentation setting, in them, as well as ask questions. So they're incredibly valuable as well, too. Other benefits, I think, I mean, there's obviously a lot of other soft benefits come along. A lot of this is also primary, to be ready to be a government contractor to some degree, right? Companies in here that are three people deep type of a thing, right? It's a very wide range what that looks like. So obviously there's a lot more benefit for some of the smaller companies, getting to see how large companies work. But it's all like in the name of the collaborative effort going forward. So please take advantage of that while you're here. The other things just to kind of talk to you, right? So the lab gets a lot of attention, a lot of attention, I'll say, right. So we get a lot of VIP visitors. Even this month, we have Lieutenant General Miller is scheduled to come out and general bootline are both scheduled to come at some point in time, in the near term, to visit the tap lab. And we have those opportunities, we like to invite cohort members in to be able to present some of the work that you've given. I think it's a great way to get in front of into front of individuals. But I also want to emphasize when you're here, representing the lab, you're representing the lab, and not your individual company necessarily. Like, certainly talk like, introduce yourself, introduce the organization that you're with. But we want to focus on what the lab is doing as a collective type of whole that is a incredibly unique thing about this organization and the FDA tap lab. I think so if you're not familiar with that, like this is a competitors become collaborators, truly, type of environment. And I think that is something that is not seen very often throughout the DOD, I would say, even, let alone just Space Force. So please consider those things as you kind of come in. And one other piece, there are some challenges that we have here at the lab, right? I think one of the big ones that we have is sharing information. So knowing what the people to your left and right are doing, sometimes it's challenging with the other stuff, like what your subsystem peers are doing, let alone the people outside your subsystems. You heard Alex mentioned earlier when he said we didn't know that there was data being made available within a given subsystem, would have been beneficial. So please collaborate, reach out to each other and talk. That's always a benefit, right? I cannot stress that enough. It's really this is one of those things you get out of it, what you put into it, right? So if you're here every day, or you're here every week, if you're on rocket chat, you're communicating, you're engaging with folks, it's going to be a very different experience than if you just show up in the show up, we're going to demo day. Yeah, it's going to be a two worlds of benefit and what you kind of gain from it. So please take advantage of what you have here. You have a lot of people here who really, honestly, just want you to succeed, right, just for the benefit of what it's going to do for you as individuals, but also for the war fighting SDA community as well, too. So always reach out to those folks and find those ways to connect. This is a huge networking opportunity within it. It opens up opportunities along the lines of funding, along lines of development, along the lines of just understanding some of the space domain awareness stuff and the space SSC, Space Force, and how it's kind of construct and built out. You don't get these opportunities anywhere else. I'll say, right? And I've seen a lot of people come in and do very well because they put in the time and effort. But as well, you see the other side of the coin, right? You see people who don't come in, they just kind of tap out, and it's not a very successful combination for them. So we are going to move forward with Dan. Will present on some of the resources at the lab. I do want to try one thing, if you don't have your accounts set up and you don't have, like the SCA certs and all that, please make sure that you have that taken care of before you leave here today with Dan, or if you are up for renewal, easiest way to do it as well. He's in the house and he's here right now, so I will turn it over. Will turn it over to you, sir.

Speaker 2  05:50
Now you can look at all my memes. Yeah, I pulled all these off the internet like 15 minutes before this started, I was going to give like a brief history of the lab as seen by me, given in the past, except I was told it's pure fantasy and I shouldn't do it. People would get mad. So memes instead. I'm Dan fry Buick. I am the cloud architect, infrastructure lead, banking guide that says no to a lot of things, many titles. In reality, yeah, I'm the guy you want to talk to if you need access to something in the lab, guy you need to talk to if you need processing. I'm the storage all that good stuff. The lab was kind of partly formed by me when we set everything up, so not a cloud architect. It just told you why was right. But I don't have AWS certifications. I can talk to the AWS guy in the back and see if he can just form I don't know. I'm a software developer. That's what my whole career was. So when the lab stood up, I was told, you make an environment that develops software in. And I'm like, okay, so I started making all of the things I thought we would need. And then I got my hand slapped, and was told, Oh, no, you need to do it cheap. So then I, you know, got rid of slack, and I got rid of, like, the good Nexus. I went with the open source stuff, a lot of the mistakes you see in the lab. Thank me for if you see room for improvement, yell at me, and I'm happy to get yelled at, because it really was just like, All right, here's the lab. Make it work. I made it work. Then we grew a little bit. I don't know if you guys know this, but we were only supposed to have, like, I don't know, 25 companies in the lab at this point in time. And we have major pond said 90. And I think he's probably not including not corporations. Probably sorry. Dr frilich, I think you were not included in that number on a company.

Speaker 3  08:22
It was a made up number, but it's definitely more than 80. There

Speaker 2  08:26
you go. And I think my slides reference that a little bit, but yeah, so we grew really, really fast. We are reeling from that. You'll see changes during this cohort. I think we've done our best to adapt as quickly as we can to the growth we're still doing that we've got growing pains. The lab was in its infancy, and then we kind of went to toddler, and then I decided to change from humans to dogs. So we're in that weird phase of dogs where they're, like, totally unaware of their size and just bombing through the house breaking things like my paws are still too big. I have these big gangly arms, but I still have, like, this brain of a bee. So that's where we're at in the lab right now. That's the nail that she up. I know we can go to the next slide.

Unknown Speaker  09:23
No, no, that's accurate

Unknown Speaker  09:27
next slide.

Speaker 2  09:29
Okay, so here's some of the activities that my team supports. So we just got, like, a pretty deep dive on welders arc. Welders arc is just part of this lab. And I think it's important to emphasize that for all of you here, here in the SDA tap lab, this is the Project Apollo accelerator, cohort six, kickoff, different thing, right? Welders. Arc is absolutely part of that. And I think the company line that we're going to tow here is if we're working in the Apollo accelerator, we're keeping welders arc in mind, because welders arc is supposed to be the product that pulls everything together and kind of puts all the work we're doing to life. But it is not necessarily the end all be all. So if you don't fit into something that you've heard today, okay, the ground, we can still find a spot for you, and we can still make this a fruitful infant. Yes, so my team supports all of these things, plus many more. These are the high level activities if you're in Maui right now, or on Maui, I should use analogy. There perhaps tap lab Maui is something you're interested in. I know that have several companies on Maui who have been in the lab and participated. There are going to be foundational companies in tech lab, mountain,

Unknown Speaker  11:05
yeah, next slide, please.

Speaker 2  11:07
So infrastructure team, we have a whole bunch of web applications. This is not all of them. I made these slides like two weeks ago, so they're woefully out of date. I hate doing this. I don't like to make slides. Next cohort, you're going to see these same slides, but we have rocket chat. That's like the number one most important thing anybody here can do. Get on rocket chat, because that's where most of your communication happens. Collaboration is very pivotal here in the lab, that's where a lot of it takes on chat. I know I want slack too. We're not getting slack. Stop asking. Rocket. Chat is free. We have a GitLab instance, so if you need a place to store your code, if you want to build pipelines, things of that nature, you can use GitLab. I know some companies do not want to do that. They'd rather use their own. That's cool, too. Again, we are a lab. Emphasis on the word lab. This isn't someplace where we're going to force you to do anything. We're going to strongly suggest things, and might want to do what we strongly suggest, but you don't have to. I'm from New York. You want to argue with me about things? Well, baby, I'm all for it, because I love arguing as a as a New Yorker, don't use our GitLab. Do use our GitLab. You can figure that out. I do recommend you store your code somewhere and you make sure that it's safe and secure. You'll hear me preach safety and security constantly. It's one of those things that we as a team are still reeling from with the growth, so you'll see gaps in our safety and security, and please call them out so that we can address them. Same thing with Nexus. If you need a place to or your libraries, or if you want to have like Docker Hub local, we can pull things from the big Docker Hub and keep it local so that the polling frequently, you don't get yelled at. But let's see. So Dr privilege, briefly mentioned node red. I think in general, we're walking away from that. It is a tool that exists and we support. But if you're looking at node red, maybe look at x wiki, so that's going to be your place where you can go and or documentation and have something that goes out to the whole cohort is available there. We

Unknown Speaker  13:55
just okay, but

Unknown Speaker  13:58
a draw.io, plug in into that so safety and security, raw.io is awesome. Put something on draw.io you no longer own it, because it is on their servers, right? But, yeah, you still own it, and they would never steal it. But

Speaker 2  14:21
be better if it's stored on a server that the lab can support. We have a lot of sensitive data that comes in and out of the lab. There's weird like whatever conglomerations of data that could become sensitive and might need to here quickly, if it's somewhere that we don't control, gonna be harder to get rid of that data. So if you need to scrub something, or if there's a spill, I can't just go delete draw.io from the internet. I can delete it from our plugin on x, which I encourage everyone in the lab to use services and software that is in existence and controlled by somebody that you know, rather than the internet. I promise you'll still see draw.io out there in the lab. You'll still see Google used heavily, one of those things, picture of the beast. We're not gonna be able to just not use those things, but I strongly encourage you to avoid using those. I know the tools are awesome, like Google Sheets is the coolest thing ever. I'm with you. I don't have a great alternative to that do, especially if it's open source. Arc to my team, we will hand it up, and then we'll have it that goes for any software package. If there's something that you think could be beneficial to this lab that this lab doesn't have, it could just be that I didn't think of it. My team didn't think of it, and nobody's talked to us about it. Talk to us, and we can look into standing up tools. That's how node red came to be. I fought that too, and now they'll hate it, but it became a standard in the lab for quite a while, and it was not my idea. We brought it in, and it was heavily used, and I think it was beneficial to the lab in the long run, let's see. Yeah. So lots of web apps. Next slide, please. So we also support a bunch of other things we run the web page. So when you notice that it's out of date, that's my fault, yep, hard to keep up with that. The internet's cool. We do host s3 so if you have data that needs to be stored, we can do that same thing with open search. Like, if there's there's especially temporal data that is would be benefited from having, like, good storage place that has dashboards tied to it. We have open search, and we can support that. It's not been heavily used in the lab to this point. So I'm gonna have to, like, reopen my mind on open search if you want to store data there. But we can do it. Obviously, you've heard Kafka mentioned several times today we stood that up and talk to us when you're ready to subscribe and publish. You do have a confluence, just no and then we also have Okta. So Okta was our Single Sign On provider, they still are not super heavily used because many of our applications don't agree well with it. I think a huge exception to that is, if you're going to work with millennial, TMDB, probably going to want Okta, because that's how they authenticate. So if that's your destined subsystem, you're going to want to talk to the millennial team, and then they'll send you to me. Next slide. Yeah. So we also do these things. So onboarding, if you are a new company here in the lab, or if you're a new person at your company, and this is your first time here, you need to come talk to me. All of the cool stuff I just talked to you about is unavailable to you until you get certificates and until you sign your onboarding. Pretty important, I'd say, selfishly, that is the number one most important thing you do today is make sure you have certificates to get into the lab. We do have our own certificate authority, so those certificates work across all of our web apps. But we can also give you the CA chain, so if you want to protect your tools that you're building here in the lab behind our certificate wall, we can help you with that. I missed a huge meme opportunity on that first page. So there's the Game of Thrones meme where the Dragon Queen ever been a long time, but she's got a big grin on her face, and she says, it works on my machine. And she smiles. And then, I don't know somebody she probably kills later, says, Well, I guess we'll just ship your machine to the customer. We see that here. So demo day, usually we'll see one or two local host demos where it's just running on somebody's machine out in the world. Other times, we'll see an IP address, and we'll be sitting there watching the demo, and we'll go to the IP address, and it's like, boy, I could really mess with this person's demo. We can avoid that here in the lab, not only can we give you certificates, but we can give you access to our domain, so we can set up a sub domain, and you can have your company, dot SDA, tech lab.com/whatever, your tool is called. And that's going to give you an opportunity to hear yourself a little better. Guys said that word a couple of times now security, so we also support instances. If you want to Cooper netify, we'll work on that with you. Again, we're in a lab. I didn't have any experience with Kubernetes prior to, like, I don't know or who maybe is Jed in the room. When did you start one? Okay, so Cohort One, I lied. No clue what I was doing. I still have no clue. Let's be honest. But we can support that. And I'm emphasis emphasizing lab here, because we're here to learn. I'm learning a lot. I'm going to screw things up. It was my team. It happens it's okay to fail here. You're not gonna, like de orbit a satellite if your service goes down, so it's okay failure. We're going to learn you're all guinea pigs right here with me. We're all guinea pigs. We're gonna work on things, and we're gonna struggle through it, and then we're gonna make this cool thing at the end. Coronavirus is a great example of that because or Jed, or poor Jed, had to deal with me learning how to any of it, but it's running, yeah, so it worked in the end, and I think that's important. We will keep struggling until everybody gives up, or until we succeed. Like I said, DNS, we support that. We will help you write software to a certain extent. We have some examples out there. So there was a question about APIs. We have long history in the lab. The length of the lab building APIs, I can give you a Docker container all the files that you need for a Python fast API that says hello world, and then all of you smart space people can take that. You can plug your algorithm into it and do neat, cool things. That's a real thing. I can give you that package, if it's zip package, here's okay. If you ask me to write MATLAB, I'm not going to have you can't do it, but if it's something we know, if it's a language we know, or if it's a tool that we think is going to be super beneficial to the lab, bring it up with us. If you don't know it, perhaps we do, and we can help bring it up in rocket chat. Ask your subsystem. Lead lots of helpful people here. It would be that the software you need already exists. You just need to peak it a little bit that fast. API example went a long way with a lot of companies here, three months cycles, right? So we're moving fast. We don't know everything as much as I wish that I did, as much as my seven year old daughter believes that I know everything I don't. But we have to move fast in order to cohort, so it's something we can help with. We will, and we're going to move this

Speaker 3  23:39
back. Hey, Dan, could I jump in just real quick? I was about to like, really? Yeah, go ahead. Sorry. So along those lines, we are working with the catalyst campus folks in Colorado Springs there to work on standing up a what we're calling a mini accelerator that will kind of help folks who maybe have a really good idea about an algorithm or about, you know, maybe, maybe they're math or physics and space experts, but aren't that skilled with building APIs and building building software to come to the mini accelerator that we're going to stand up. I don't have the specifics just yet, but I'm hoping to get that nailed down in the next week or so to send out to everybody. So that's all I had. Thanks. Dan, go ahead and drive it home, all right, and do attitudes.

Speaker 2  24:31
Anybody who knows me knows that I'm the most positive, happy person on the planet, and that is

Unknown Speaker  24:39
absolutely I can't even do it.

Speaker 2  24:44
We genuinely do try to support everyone as much as we can. Like I said, I'm happy to argue with you, but I'm also very much here to help you and anything we can do to help you succeed. Yeah, nothing but positivity here.

Unknown Speaker  25:04
Let's see next slide.

Speaker 2  25:09
So like I said, we're kind of trying to catch up to the growth that we've had. So you see, we've got this big old list of stuff. Some of the things on here are already done in the last couple of weeks, I could probably add like, 40 new boxes to that. But if there's something that's not up there that you think is important for the lab, come talk to me and we will put it on the list. I don't know where it's going to fall on the priorities. That's nature of the beast. But, yeah, needless to say, there's a lot of things that we're doing and stuff can fall through, and that's why I like to have a paper trail on rocket chat. If you send us a message next slide on the rocket channel, rocket chat channel, infrastructure support or send an email to us that's going to help us track it and make sure that we well, not make sure, but give a much greater likelihood that we are not going to drop that ball when it's up in the air. This is a list of email addresses for my team. Like I said, I think that top one and the rocket chat channels are they gonna be the best places in terms of support, my teams usually hear two or three days a week, or at least one of us, when we come to a decision about what the best day is. That's the day that I'll be here. Sounds like it's probably going to be Wednesdays. Used to be Mondays. Doesn't matter. The whole like in person thing. I know many of you know Sean or Alan. He likes to face shiny objects. I too am a Acer of shiny objects, so I get distracted easily. If you are in my face, I'm probably going to get distracted by you, and you're going to get all of my focus, whether you like it or not. So when I'm here in the lab, if you are also here in the lab and you need help with something, you just come down my door and say, I need help, and I'm probably going to just drop what I'm doing and help you. We do our best to respond to requests and questions as fast as we can. Sometimes, again, being a software engineer in the past, nothing pissed me off worse than having to wait somebody to just acknowledge that I wrote a ticket, which is why I don't have a ticketing system doesn't exist because they piss me off. So please get in my Yes, thank you. Get in my face. We will address it. If you send a message on rocket chat, typically within like a day, we'll at least say, I see you. We're trying to work it, and then we'll get in touch with you. Think we do a pretty good job of that, granted, big lab, there's a lot of people here. It might take a little bit of time get what you want, especially if it's something like easy, but we'll work with you. If you work with us,

Unknown Speaker  28:22
what else, any questions? Oh, I see everyone. Oh, there we go. What is an ACL? So an ACL is an access control list,

Speaker 2  28:35
so that is specifically referencing Kafka. So when you get an account in the message bus, there are a few flavors of accounts. So like I've got mode, I can do whatever I want, because I made it. When you come to me, if you come to me directly, and don't go through a team lead, you're going to ask for an account, and I'm going to say, All right, you are in subsystem, whatever. Here is your consumer account. You can go get any messages off the bus that you'd like, and an ACL provides that restriction. But you have your consumer account and you try to produce to one of the topics, any of the topics, if you're a consumer actually, the ACL is going to prevent that from hat, oh, macle and ACL, so those, it's a similar thing, but for the internet. So we, as we've grown we've gotten popular. It's like we're the cool kids at school. I don't know about you guys, but first time, first time ever cool kid at school. We get probed daily from all over the world, from probably mostly harmless actors, but there are people out there who have taken an interest in us that we don't want to even come close to getting into our network, so we're blocking them. We're using Knackles to do that. But, yeah, it's crazy. We get, we get slammed with with various hack hacking attempts and information queries. So that's again, dirty we we are absolutely aware of how much we've grown. Just based on when we started, we'd get, like the typical, like domain probes, where people would just see if it existed. And now we get people trying to gain our AWS credentials through several of our web pages. And I don't know, we have usernames that don't exist outside of our environment, and people are using those usernames so they're trying to figure out how to get in. Oh yeah, there's, there's like, a huge emphasis on security for us right now to lock things down. One of the exams, question is to become a data provider. What level of security we need? Does the provider need? Oh, that's a tough question. So we run in an IL four environment. The internal infrastructure of this lab, il four would be best, but we obviously have a lot of foreign companies here at the lab that by day, oh, your own infrastructure. I can't really dictate what you do, but you you want to be secure, and then when you feed data into our lab, you're just going to need to need to be compliant with what we have. So typically it's going to be, you're going to you're going to use one of the certificates that we provide you if there's, like, a huge amount of data transfer going on. Typically we want to do that through our gov cloud, AWS account. The only way for you to be able to provide me data directly that way is if you have your own about account. There are other mechanisms we can put in place. I think we've done this a couple times for a couple of providers where they just didn't have an account. It's kind of a nuisance to get one. So we set up a certificate based IP labeled authenticated REST endpoint you could read the data into us. Ideally, I'd rather have you go directly to the UDL to provide data, and then we pull from, I think that's probably a question that Mr. Blast would would want to talk through with you more detail if you're planning on on providing a significant, a significant amount of data. Any other questions?

Unknown Speaker  33:25
All right, I rambled.

Speaker 2  33:28
Major pond told me to talk slow, but I'm from New York, so it didn't work. Onboarding, that's a good point. So did you post it? All right, so Mr. Demero has posted in the Zoom call the onboarding link for new people. If you're in this room here, we can give you a QR code to scan to begin the onboarding process, and that's going to get you into rocket chat. Like I said, very important get your certificates, or else you can't do anything in the lab, so it's in chat. Come see us. If you're new here, introduce yourself to me. Happy to have a more in depth conversation, or I'm happy to talk about hockey, whatever like here for you guys, one more question.

Speaker 4  34:29
So I have access through the UDL, through the JCO, and is that different information than access to the SD attack? But

Speaker 2  34:39
it is so if you have JCO access that is only JCO data, the

Unknown Speaker  34:49
SDA tap

Speaker 2  34:50
lab has a group account that we can add you to that will get you additional data. We also have JCO access, but we have not distributed it or made it available to anyone in the lab yet, and that's on my list of things to do, but it is different. So if you want access to the tap labs UDL data, let us know, and we can get you added

Speaker 5  35:15
to that. Thank you. All right. Hey, just add to that. Do you have a care with the data rights associated with using JCO data for potentially non JCO activities, vice versa, satellite data for potentially on so just Make sure that you have the appropriate data rights.

Speaker 6  36:02
Everybody, I guess I'm not thanks in the program. Introduce myself. I'm Garrett Anderson. I'm a senior data scientist here for VT arc. Just wanted to give a quick overview of some additional resources that are available to you as you participate in the lab and, more importantly, as you exist in the Innovation Hub in the space here. So just as Dan mentioned, and by the way, not to argue with you, Dan, but NaCl is actually table sold, my question. But so just as the welders arc and the Apollo accelerator are not the entire view of the SD attack lab, the SDA tech led isn't the only thing happening in the space here. So some of you have been here a little longer, may have seen we have other events that happen. So VT arc, Virginia Tech, Applied Research Corporation, we run the Innovation Hub, which is the space that we're in right now. We have now 17 different government teams who have desk space. Here we have three tap labs, the SDA tap lab, SRT tap lab and opir Tap lab, all in residence. The reason I bring that up here is because, as participants in the lab here and people who use the space, there are other government teams, other people and other events going on all the time that you are, you know, many of them are open and you're able to attend. So one of the things that we like to mention is bamble, the brand along and the SSC BC, CTO team have wisdom sessions. There's one coming up next Wednesday, at noon. You can see we've got kind of the TVs at the front, basically the command aid and AI officer for SSC, s6 is going to come in and talk about an AI topic. It's an open session. You're welcome to come, sit, listen, ask questions. Additionally, there are, you know, other events that happen. Some of you who got here early, may have participated in their waffle Wednesdays where they just have waffles, you know, up there being made for anybody who comes and wants to chat with anybody else.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai