Speaker 1  0:00  
To go so in the lab. And here's what I would you know, I think so with all the talk of war, fighter culture, its desire to guardians, I will tell you second, I'm

Unknown Speaker  0:33  
not all this stuff was already classified, right? So I cannot imagine a world where an army, infantryman

Speaker 1  0:40  
or a sailor would not know of things like, what was the USS comes to ship, Old Ironsides, what did? What did Hammurabi do with the elephants? Right? Anyway, I think we have ignorance in the Space Force about the history, and I think it helps deaden the lack of creativity and understanding what is going on in the domain. In the last 10 years, I've been a lot of activities right? China has flown a stealthy prototype in Leo. The European Defense Fund is funding a stealthy geo satellite, Starlink, just for civil purposes, to keep the astronomers happy, have made significant progress in reducing the optical signatures of the Starlink satellites. So there is you know, the game is on, and I think tap lab is in the thick of it. So we talked about debris. You know, I don't know, I can't take credit for this, but it's perfect, right? Debris or not? Debris, that is the question. And again, looking at the history here, in 1963 the NRO investigated, hey, how do we hide among the existing objects in space? Right? Again, you have the URL to the the website for the documents available. And that is a great thing to ponder and consider, because when we detect objects in space, we don't get nice eight by 10 glossies, high resolution images, right? The first order, we are always doing point detection of objects, whether that be radar or geopoly systems. So the information content is not readily there if you understand what objects are. So with that, you know, there have been a few of these launches by China where such things have happened. So if you look at this, and I were to ask you, Hey, is there a micro sack in the midst of all this stuff around this Chinese upper stage? There's hundreds of objects. How would you know if there was a Microsoft? Does the US? Is the US government even aware that this happened? There's no evidence of that awareness in the catalog. I

Speaker 1  3:24  
things like this are happening all the time in the domain, and we have to have TTPs. We have to have things that could handle events like this. So we'll get to the regulatory framework a little later. China has not registered a payload with the UN since the end of 2022 so in the middle of 23 they provided a registration. So what if? What if China has completely flown clandestine missions, done things, de orbited, and no one is even though, because it's escaped notice, has entered the US catalog, has not been registered with the UN that's that's a little sobering thought to think about. Okay, let's talk about Astro. What's the Astro dynamicist We all do. I've been playing catch up in Astro ever since I was birthed into the Air Force. My background is physics, but you know, and on that note, turns out F equals MA is a really important equation for all this. Who would have thought? Right? So Astro dynamics is what I describe is, you know, several 100 pages in a textbook describing what A is, right? So there you go. That's Astro in a nutshell. You got that? Alex, No, but seriously, so the fact that we cannot readily identify an object via sensing, right? We don't get that eight by 10 velocity with a photo in it. How do we differentiate and understand what objects are, right? So this gets to the very heart of that. So there are kinematic Patterns of Life, which are governed by the persons on objects of orbit, and then there are signature based Patterns of Life, right? How do they respond to the electromagnetic spectrum in different parts? So we'll get to some of that. But how do they maneuver? How are their perturbations on orbit? And by understanding these perturbations and these forces, you can start to characterize and understand what objects are. So this is a

Speaker 1  6:00  
no one is worried. No one is concerned. If your company is going to get a subscription, way down on the on the list.

Unknown Speaker  6:18  
Should we go further? Some other quote?

Speaker 1  6:21  
Okay, I'll be good. Let's see might need for sure. I'm sure I can do that within like 10 minutes, right? I

Speaker 1  6:43  
I see, hopefully this same meeting is extended. I see, let's see what happens when I try to get in. Oh, it looks good.

Speaker 2  6:57  
It's working. Jim, if people click on the same link, don't be able to get on city chat. Of course, I'm sorry. No worries too.

Speaker 3  7:05  
Hey everybody, I can post back in the I'll post into our bracket chat to everybody. Well, give me a second.

Speaker 1  7:15  
Oh, appreciate all right, sorry, folks, let me reshare here.

Speaker 1  7:37  
Thank you soon. Sorry about that soon, but it'd be good for Bucha. Okay, let me. Oh, good, it worked. Okay, so let's talk a little bit about these forces, right? So the, the big, obvious one, is gravity. Right? In gravity to conservative force, meaning there's no net energy gain or loss, right? So we basically have this continuous exchange between potential and kinetic energy. And we can model gravity really well, even though the earth is kind of odd, has a lot of bumps and wiggles and center mass, not really at the center of the physical Earth. This is modeled with high fidelity. This is usually not sorry. This is usually not a source of our uncertainty and knowing where things are, okay. I think we're back. Sorry about that. So there are two other forces that are non conservative, forces drag, you know, impacting molecules on orbit. And of course, as you get lower and lower that acceleration, that force increases, looks like it died. Let's just see what happens. So drag solar radiation, so the photon flux from the sun actually imparts a force onto objects which can be measured, right? So these are all inputs and stimulus that we can use to characterize objects. And then there are a bunch of oddities, like the warp effect, electromagnetic coupling with magnetic field, lines and things with the object. Those are usually very, very minor. Then, of course, there are maneuvers. So if there's an intentional maneuver by an object, then the ability to detect that, understand that obviously means, hey, this is not just a piece of junk, right as An easy one, and my Sharing is stopped. Sorry. I

Speaker 1  10:44  
Okay, I think this is ready to go into presentation.

Unknown Speaker  10:59  
Yay. There we go. Maybe

Unknown Speaker  11:16  
all of our modern communication needs.

Speaker 1  11:33  
My apologies. Sure. What else to do here? I may just need to start talking without slides. I pretty

Speaker 1  11:46  
soon. All right, so as I'm sharing, the other thing is showing up. It's crazy.

Unknown Speaker  11:54  
All you have to do is just press slideshow. Jim resume, I've got

Speaker 1  12:01  
it ever on my end. No, I see Expectedly, and it just keeps happening.

Speaker 3  12:08  
So well, we see your screen. If you just want to increase the size, it's pretty good, although it's actually frozen. Oh yeah, it's Microsoft.

Unknown Speaker  12:21  
Let me try. Let me try one more time. Here to go back here I

Speaker 1  12:40  
it okay. If this doesn't work. You're going to get the audio only version coming up. Okay? Solar radiation pressure. So this is a very key force to discriminate orbital debris from patients. And why is that? Well, you can imagine that fragmentation debris from the exploded in the river event. They're typically not high density objects, right? They're usually either fragments of the wall of a tank, wall on a pressure vessel, or they're chunks of multi layer insulation materials that have been liberated. So the measurable force, the acceleration, actually becomes meaningful on these materials, right? And the sun basically exerts this constant pressure in a way to get it to your head, is like, it's like an ant on a picnic point, right? It's just always there. If you're in the sun, that force is there straight if the picnic blanket weighs a ton, but guess what? That ant is not going to be doing a lot of accelerating of that blanket. However, if that blanket is a really thin piece of my lobe part, then it actually has meaningful acceleration, right? So those perturbations, when you do your work, determinations of this result that the solar radiation pressure component, and it has various terms, right, cran, ing on those usually named after the variables in the academic side. But this observable is a really important to understand. If something is debris, okay, so let's jump into debris. So debris, again, I just solar

Speaker 4  14:39  
radiation more important, drag for distinguishing.

Speaker 1  14:44  
So, good question. Why is solar radiation pressure more important than drag for distinguishing? It actually is not. I just live in high orbits all the time. So, so at around 800 kilometers, the forces due to drag and the forces due to solar radiation pressure start to become commensurate. So around that altitude, there becomes sufficient drag to basically equal the solar radiation pressure force. Yeah, yeah. So if you're if you're an object with a perigee above 800 kilometers, the non conservative force is going to be dominating the solar radiation pressure, if you're below 800 kilometers, or spend most your time below 800 kilometers, drag is going to be that dominant. And you're exactly right. The same properties can be summarized from that graph as well. So good point. Spoiler. Sander Bull has survived. So the depiction of debris media and even among some,

Speaker 1  15:55  
yeah, I won't go there. Even Jim Schill is not going to go there. In some ways it's overhyped. In some ways, I'll just say that, right? But let's talk about what debris means for the work body, right? We already talked about about a little bit, right? It is the background by which you can hide, right? That's number one, right? We have different camouflage patterns put when you when you hit the ground, based upon your local environment, just like, hey, I'm going to have different camouflage techniques when I'm on or so, you know, we talk about space being special, that we try to, you know, there's just been a concerted push to help people understand space is no different than anywhere else, right? In the first order, that's true, right? The same warfare tactics, principles of war that I've already talked about, permeate all domains, but there are a few key differences in domain itself, right? Object persistence. So if I'm operating an integrated air defense system and an object is inbound, I know it's not acting under just natural folk Well, not necessarily. Be careful with that. If it is moving faster than air speed, I know that there's something going on right that is not a natural object to the environment. Right? In the space domain, we have objects persist, right? These debris, objects persist and persist for a very long time, and they're a natural part of the environment. So how do we distinguish these from potentially deploy pain loops or other objects, right? So this is one example of where space is very different, and it demands a very different triage to for early warning, for attack warning, than it does in other domains. The other one is, you know, Kepler is in charge, and that may mean that my equivalent, equivalent 11 nautical mile keep out zone from international coastal lines just is not going to work, because natural forces are going to take me very close to some object, right? However, if there's an intentional being close to an object, that's something that could be understood, but we're going to have natural things occur red, so you can't necessarily infer anything about that such. Again, I love history here, here's the whole space, object catalog, 1966 on a page in Time Magazine. Weren't those? That is even a JSON message would be relatively small. Sorry. I think I'm just CSV wise. Sorry. Space that voice, um, okay, where does debris come from? So if debris is our natural environment, that we have to really distinguish what is real from what is debris. It's it's helpful to understand where they come from, right? A lot of stuff, we put there, old rocket bodies, dead satellites, and of course, there have now been protocols mature and how you're supposed to retire those do certain things with those things go boom, naturally, right? If you, if you're left with stored latent energy, think of this, if you're a pressure vessel, and I'm going in and out of the sun a bajillion times, but a lot, right? Hot, cold, hot, cold, hot, cold, boom, right? Eventually, it happens, objects that have been up for 50 years have actually explored cycle effects like that. And of course, there's the intentional destruction, such as some of the recent ASAP tests we've had by four different countries. Things can COVID with each other. It's rare, but it happens 2009 Iridium Cosmos, and then one is just like materials degradation, right? The UV environment you think your kids plastic tricycle is faded in the sun, you know, put up in space, it fades a lot faster. So you can imagine, if you have polymers and other materials, they're going to be embrittled by UV radiation, and they can eventually slough off. And in fact, most of the uncorrelated track population that we see with optical sensors are from these types of materials. We can talk a lot more about that at some point. Okay, so that's on the nature of debris. And again, debris is not a good thing. I think a lot of you remember what happened. B squared, right? So kinetic energy proportional to the velocity squared. Turns out the velocity is usually pretty RNA, right? Relative velocities in geo are much lower than the Al, but it's still a bad day, right? If you get hit by something with any meaningful mass, it's going to have a significant addition effect. So aside from distinguishing nefarious activity from real debris. Real debris has consequences, right? That has to be managed. Okay? A word on the Kessler syndrome. So the Sandro polic rabbiting movie opening video that we saw there, Kessler syndrome has been depicted as like this runaway cascading effect. It's just going to space is going to get obliterated. Well, that is not the right view of what Kessler syndrome is about. Kessler syndrome is, in fact, already well underway. It's just that that 10 minute thing that gets depicted in Hollywood is actually a few 100 years now. I have not seen from the latest follow along with mega constellations and everything that's going on today, but it is an issue for your grandchildren, great grandchildren, going forward, right? Honestly, our generation, I don't see access to space because of debris being a major issue. Like it's certainly change, but I just, I think it's important to understand what this is, what it is. And frankly, this feeds right into we're not going to have time to touch on the law of armed conflict, and what does proportion al response options, right? Let me just go ahead and hit an example now, right? I'm now, right? Let's say we knew China was getting ready to take out a sibers geo satellite with the normal ASAP. So we go through our Rolodex and response options. The only one we have is a kinetic effect, which is going to produce a low amount of debris, low right? So okay. Box Sam estimates 10 pieces of debris are going to be created by destroying this Chinese satellite and down to a cigarette. Geo, when is it appropriate to exercise that response option? It's will 10 pieces of debris, you know, basically forever in geo warrant that kind of response. What evidence would the world have that that was actually going on? This gets in all kinds of issues, right? I just, I think it's important to think through and explore the richness of this, because we're just on the precipice of trying to define all this, okay, sensing space objects. So I think it's helpful to divide sensors into active sensors and passive sensors. Active sensors. I'm bringing my own energy source right for radar. Illuminate with our energy. I see the reflections coming back. I measure that optical systems, or usual optical systems are completely passive. I get to exploit the solar radiation and the free energy in the sun by looking at the reflected energy off of objects, and again, depending on what's going on. I may or may not want someone to know that I am sensing right. So an active sensing modality may not be what I want to use, right? If I want to assure that they don't know that I know that they're there, they have to stick with passive sensors, right? So something to something to think about, whoops out of advance. And again, depending on where we're operating, electromagnetic spectrum dictates the kind of information content we get from sensing, and we can really geek out in the physics here, let me just send some very important points when an electromagnetic wave interacts with An object, the first order nature of that interaction largely has to do with the size of that object relative to the wavelength of that electromagnetic radiation, right? So for radar systems, if you look at where radar sensitivity falls off relative to object size, it is usually the case that the radar wavelength is a few factors longer than the detection sensitivity would, right? And that is because it's in a regime called Raymond scattering, where, if my wavelengths are long, my objects are small. The smaller I get, the radar cross section rapidly decreases. I think it's lambda to the fifth, or lambda to the minus fifth, or Fauci. So that is in this graphic, that's this far left hand side where you see that precipice point in for optical sensors, the wavelength is always, yeah, I'm gonna go and say always, there's a little footnote to that, always small compared to the object sizes for detecting right? So the notion Al, 30 centimeter object limit in geo that we detect around 18 visual magnitude, you know, 500 nanometers is a lot smaller than 10 centimeters, right? So you're always in the optical scattering regime. Well, what does this mean in the space environment and detection? Well, there's a big there's a big takeaway here, right? Optical sensors, you are always going to have this large number of uncorrelated detections, always.

Speaker 1  26:00  
And again, this is a manifestation of, if I have, if I have a small mirror, say the size of a quarter in geo, and I get that specular coming right back at the sensor, a very modest telescope can pick that up, right? You may never see it again because you're getting that preferential orientation, but you're going to see it. And these things occasionally show up, all these pieces of MLI, metallized coils as one of the right and again, the challenge is we have to track them frequently enough to maintain an active state so that when you see it again, that error inserts. And pressure is working on that as well. In radar land, predominantly in Leo, the noise floor, the signatures are much better, right? So the radar cross section variability of small objects relative to large wavelengths is typically much, much smaller than the signature variability in the object scan. So because of that, radar detection of ucts and processing those is much more straightforward than Al because Okay, well, we've got 10 minutes. Let's talk about legal framework, forms of behavior. Launch is so critical, right? If we can establish objects that are tied to a specific launch that makes life so much easier, right? If I remove something that is deployed, or come off of a launch, I don't see it get deployed, a few maneuvers happen in between, and then I take it up for using key processing later. And can become really challenging to figure out, Okay, where did this thing come from? Right? So launch notifications, I think we mostly, I think a lot of people are familiar with the NOTAMs, where they may be called something different now not those. Oh, well,

Speaker 1  28:12  
thank you very much. We think of those as basically downrage safety, right? Hey, this upper stage is or this, this, this rocket stage is going to be coming back down in this area. Let's make sure there are no chips here. The aircraft are cleared and all that, but, but the but the but the real basis of this started to make sure again, boost, right? It's all about nukes. Everyone to make sure launches. There was no confusion that this launch was going to be a nuke Coming. Coming. It's like, oh, I'm watching a satellite. Oh, it's not a nuke. Oh, second strike. Here we go. No, no. So there is something called, now, called the Head code of conduct, which most nations describe to North Korea and Iran do not. And I think those are the only two countries you're going to see no notice launches from otherwise typically at least 24 hours in advance, a nota will be put out, at least providing the basic asthma. Again, that's kind of the Go name for SBA and gaining custody of launched objects. Okay, Outer Space Treaty. So we talked about all that nuke stuff early on. I mean, 1959 the US was considering a selfie nuclear bombardment satellite, right? Oh, let's put nukes on orbit where you can't see them, and then move them rain down and wipe stuff out. That's pretty scary, right? So think the world figured out that's not a good idea. So let's figure out some some governance rules on this whole area. So the Outer Space Treaty, one of the most important elements here is that weapons of mass destruction cannot be placed on work. So that includes news. It does not preclude weapons on orbit. A lot of people conflate and try to say, oh, we can't do weapons in space, because we have space. No weapons of mass destruction are included in the outer space now, notably, a few years ago, Russia, effectively, kind of said, We don't care so much anymore, right? You may have seen in the news, I don't remember the cosmos panel number one of the Russian satellites. I can't remember exactly the US public statement, but something like it's it has a nuclear device or nuclear related test. A bunch of nations went back to the UN attempted to get Russia to reaffirm the Outer Space Treaty. They're like my pens broken today, so little concern, right? But the Outer Space Treaty and the things that established, like damages to objects. In 1979 a Russian nuclear reactor re entered over Canada and and the Soviets, maybe it was Russia, I don't know. They actually compensated the Canadian government for spreading their stuff, their new stuff in Canada. So there are precedent. There are reasons I need to be got five minutes. So registration convention, separate from the Outer Space Treaty, in 1976 we started the enforcement of the registration of space objects. This, in a nutshell, says, okay, all launching nations, when you put up a satellite, you need to register it with the UN so there's a un registry. You can hit online. There's not an epi

Speaker 1  31:38  
but this is an obligation of all the nations that have signed up to this. So it's all the major spacefaring nations, right? So if you look at the UN register, you'll see who's registered what and why is that important? Because it gets directly tied to the US Space catalog, right? So the international designators use the US catalog as a de facto standard by which we identify objects supported and all international community. So if you're familiar with space drive.org, or you hit the Al Herman endpoint and the UDL, this is where that information content is. You know, we have the US catalog number, the SAT No, as we all determine, but we have the international designate. You go into the UN registration, you'll find that, oh, this is how those objects match up to human designations. For an object to be cataloged by the US. And by catalog, I mean having a SAT no less than 70,000 and appear in the in the catalog on space track.org a few things have to happen. The origin must be identified. Okay, there are different nuanced arguments on why this is the case. As you can imagine, if we don't know where something came from, and we cataloged it and it collided with something else, and somebody tried to exercise the liability un stuff, what would you do with that? That's not a viable excuse. My one wouldn't catalog it, but that excuse has been used. We must consistently track those objects, and there's an implicit assumption that all the papers, I sure hope that's the case, objects that do not make it in the catalog, return to analyst objects right. There are several 100 public domain analyst objects today. You can pull those through the UDL when you download them on space drive.org, some of them are space tense only objects, literally the space fitness SP and Codd has sufficient sensitivity to detect and maintain those. Those are in a different number range. Otherwise, there are objects in 80,000 number range that basically tracking in consistent track. Well, we haven't really had any questions. I've been fighting that it too much. So this is the norms of behavior. Again, in Jim Shell's world, it would be ideal for the US to be leading the international community. In this area, it honestly looks like we're leading hypocrites, if you ask me to talk about that for a long time, but what does that enable for national defense? Well, it enables clear red lines where we can exercise options and garner the support of the international community if we needed to do it right. You know international waters of nautical miles, it's not too difficult to establish truth. If something is five nautical miles and I take an action against right, there's usually enough data independent sensor sources to say yes, that thing was five miles off the coast of Virginia and the US took an appropriate action by tracking it, right?

Speaker 1  35:02  
This is where the transparency of the domain collides with the need to protect national security, and that is a major area in the yoga I think it is to disclose that things are readily observable. Shouldn't have to be a lot of retail. But for the US to take the recent in this area, we have to stop printing. We care about debris, we care about all these things, but then our actions, they take otherwise and point you to some of my LinkedIn friends. So I'm going to skip through. Here's the nice, glossy responsible behaviors in space. Again. This was preceded by a dev SEC def memo on, hey, we're going to be responsible in space. And then us space comm came out and further matured these into these 510 minutes that we have today. So wow, I'm done. I taught me too much. Val di it, but y'all have questions. I'll be around for a while longer. It looks like we're gonna lose the Zoom link soon. You met Cindy. Questions, comments, concerns. No, I don't call them news. So the term UCT is used in two different standards, and you need to establish who's talking about what right? It can be called an uncorrelated target, meaning, oh, we're tracking this thing. We have a bourbon well established. We have custody. We're seeing quite often, but we don't know what it is, right? So, and its origin is unknown. So it is an analyst object. When I when I use the term UCT, I mean uncorrelated track. Right? A sensor has detected a series of observations that constitute a track and correlations to various catalogs and sources. We cannot figure out what this object is. That's my UCT definition.

Unknown Speaker  37:21  
Would this be the same thing if you lost the former, if that wasn't authentic and you lost, that would be the same thing?

Speaker 1  37:32  
Yes, yeah, until you knew. And again, the things you would like to have on the hand for ucts. So here's the challenge, right? When you get an accord later track, even if it's a radar, your initial state estimate can be really poor with optical you can usually get the orbital plane. You assume zebra eccentricity. You get a circular orbit assumption, you kind of get the orbital plane. I immediately want to have a button I can query on, okay, who are all the known maneuverables that are within this uncertainty bounds of this guy I just saw, and furthermore, of those candidates, who did I see last win, and given the last sighting, think about a Lambert of the pork chop, right? How much delta v time will be required for that object to now be this opposite. And then immediately get your top 10 list task preferentially to see, oh, is that guy still there? Is that guy still there? Is that guy still there? And go down your hypothesis tree, and then you get your nominated candidates. Oh, this UCD, is likely this object, this subject, or this subject, right? Or, you know, the other branch of the hypothesis tree is, oh, it's a new deploy. It's a newly deployed object. And now I need to back propagate and try to understand where it came from. And hopefully I'm getting it a good state before it maneuvers so that I can't trace it back to an object, right? But, yeah, it's a UCT until, you know, Not.

Unknown Speaker  39:06  
Yes, also, that the.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
